README.md, before:

#This module is to be used for checking user attributes in the MCommunity service provide at the University of Michigan

To try the module out you may clone the repo and run the ldaptest.rb script
```ruby
ruby .\ldaptest.rb
```
Requirements:
* Ruby at least 2.0.0
* Time to try it out


## For use in a Rails project:
*Install the gem net-ldap. To install the net-ldap gem
```
gem 'net-ldap', '~> 0.15.0'
```
*Include the module in your class
```
include Ldap_Record
```

## Methods available
*get_simple_name: returns the Display Name
```
Ldap_Record.get_simple_name(uniqname = nil)
```
*get_dept: returns the users Department_name
```
Ldap_Record.get_dept(uniqname = nil)
```
*get_email: returns the users email address
```
Ldap_Record.get_email(uniqname = nil)
```
*is_member_of_group?: returns true/false if uniqname is a member of the specified group
```
Ldap_Record.is_member_of_group?(uid = nil, group_name = nil)
```
*get_email_distribution_list: Returns the list of emails that are associated to a group.
```
Ldap_Record.get_email_distribution_list(group_name = nil)
```

Commit message:

UPDATE: added net-ldap instx
net-ldap prior to 0.16.0 has a security issue with the ssl
validation. There is a missing certificate validation.

README.md, after:

# Description
This module is to be used for checking user attributes in the MCommunity service provide at the University of Michigan

## Try it out
To try the module out you may clone the repo and run the ldaptest.rb script
```ruby
ruby .\ldaptest.rb
```
Requirements:
* Ruby at least 2.0.0
* Gem 'net-ldap' ~> '0.16.1'
> Install by running the following command at your command prompt_for_action
```bash
gem install net-ldap
```

* Time to try it out


## For use in a Rails project:
Install the gem net-ldap by adding the follwing line to your GEMFILE

> *The Net::LDAP (aka net-ldap) gem before 0.16.0 for Ruby has Missing SSL Certificate Validation.*

```
gem 'net-ldap', '~> 0.16.1'
```
Include the module in your class
```
include Ldap_Record
```

## Methods available
get_simple_name: returns the Display Name
```
Ldap_Record.get_simple_name(uniqname = nil)
```
get_dept: returns the users Department_name
```
Ldap_Record.get_dept(uniqname = nil)
```
get_email: returns the users email address
```
Ldap_Record.get_email(uniqname = nil)
```
is_member_of_group?: returns true/false if uniqname is a member of the specified group
```
Ldap_Record.is_member_of_group?(uid = nil, group_name = nil)
```
get_email_distribution_list: Returns the list of emails that are associated to a group.
```
Ldap_Record.get_email_distribution_list(group_name = nil)
```
